Andrew T. Hill
719 E. 7th Street, 2B Bloomington, IN 47408∙(812)323-1590∙andyhil@andyhill.us∙http://www.andyhill.us

Objective	To find a challenging position and  apply and expand my computer skills. Specifically 
interested in writing code, web design and network technologies.

Education	
Indiana University, Bloomington, IN                                                                      
    Unix Systems Support Group Unix Certification                                        August 2003
    Bachelor of Science in Computer Science GPA since returning: 3.5/4.0                   May, 2003
    Completed coursework in Anthropology GPA 3.2/4.0                                       1989-1992

Relevant Coursework: Databases,  Software  Engineering,  Programming Languages   
    Network Technologies and Administration, Webmastering, Discrete  Mathematics, Data 
    Structures, Computing Theory,  Operating Systems,  Compilers, Graphics.
Projects	
•Helped  to  implement  an  online  shopping cart interface for Boxcar Books, a 
      local book retailer using PHP, MySQL, Access, C#, and MyODBC.
•Wrote a disassembler that returned Motorola 86000 byte code to Assembly.
•Helped  to  write  a  multi-threaded proxy  server  in  C  that  would  retrieve .jpeg files 
       from a server, compress the image using the djpeg library and Java RPC, and return the compressed 
       image to the client.
•Wrote a compiler that compiled a subset of Scheme to Spark assembly code. 

Computer Skills	
•Operating Systems: Windows, Solaris, Red Hat, Macintosh
•Languages:  Java,  C, Scheme, UNIX, Perl, SQL,  C++, Motorola 68000 Assembly, OpenGL
•Web: HTML, JavaScript, Cascading Style Sheets, CGI, PHP, JSP, Servlets
•Applications: Microsoft Office, Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator, Macromedia Flash and Dreamweaver, others. 
Relevant Work Experience	
Indiana University, Bloomington, IN                                        
  University Information Technology Services
   Support Center Consultant                                                    September 2003-Present
    Assist walk-in and telephone customers with computer related problems including networking,  
    hardware, authentication, and security issues.    

   Support Specialist, Consultant
    Starting as a computer lab consultant  who oversaw a lab and answered customer  
    questions, was promoted  to  the  Support Staff position in May of 2002, which entails 
    moving among 36 staffed and  unstaffed  labs,  supervising  140 consultants, monitoring  
    and  adjusting staffing,   updating   web internal   pages,  acting as go-between   to  
    UITS  higher-ups,  and helping  with  difficult  customer issues.
     •	Improved user-interface and efficiency of online FAQ(Perl).
     •	Created online interface to communicate lab supply needs between support staff members(Perl).

Other Work Experience	
  Michael’s Uptown Café, Bloomington, IN                                                  1999-2002
   Prep and Line Cook  
    Maintained food inventory, checked in and put away orders, opened restaurant on
    Weekends, trained new cooks.

  XJD, Inc., Bloomington, IN
   Mousepad Production Team Leader
    Ran large die-cutter. Was responsible for team strategy, quality control, 
    Maximizing productivity.                              

References	Available upon request.

